Completing this Cloud Resume showed me how to use a number of services on Amazon Web Services, including S3, EC2, CloudFront, and Lambda. I learned how to read and write HTML 
code as well. In Amazon S3, or "Simple Storage Service," I have stored all the website code and files including images and the index file that builds the webpage. This service 
can be used to store all kinds of data and code and is an important tool for companies that need to store and access large amounts of data but don't want to build their own 
servers. If data needs to be stored, but accessing it is rare and less important, than S3 Glacier can be used for cheaper. In EC2, or Elastic Compute Cloud, I created security 
groups for the website. To be honest, I am still a little confused by how to best use EC2, though from my understanding can be used to scale up and down usage of Cloud services 
based on demand, and works as a virtual machine that can process temporary data before storing it in something like S3. In Lambda I wrote Python code that stores visitor data in 
a DynamoDB NoSQL database and returns the total number of visitors on the webpage, which I call upon in the index file to display under my profile photo. After receiving a SSL 
certificate from AWS certificate manager, I deployed my website over the CloudFront delivery network, which stores cached versions of the website at edge locations once someone 
accesses the site.

Before this project, I had zero experience using Cloud services and had always wondered what people were even talking about when they talked about it. Now I feel far more 
comfortable using the services, though I still consider myself a beginner. I think that more than anything else, this project opened my eyes to the possibilities of cloud, 
and I will no longer feel intimidated if I am asked to use it later on in my career. However, I do think that one glaring problem with the Cloud is how dispersed the 
services are- as a beginner, looking at the hundreds of Cloud services offered by Amazon is very overwhelming and I don't know where to start. If some of these services were 
consolidated, I think it would make them much more accessible to all. Nonetheless, the Cloud is a valuable resource for individuals and businesses and has nearly endless 
potential. By shifting the costs of setting up and securing physical hardware to large companies like Amazon and Microsoft, people have more access than ever to powerful tools 
such as databases and website hosting.

Another important takeaway from this project is that, unlike what I previously thought, you don't have to know how to code in order to be a tech guy- In fact, I set up this 
website with virtually zero knowledge of HTML. Even after setting it up, I would struggle to write code of my own. Much of what anyone needs to code has already been done 
before, and can be downloaded online and repurposed. The same is true for all parts of the website- if I wanted to add a "Contact Me" section at the bottom that sends emails to 
me when it is filled out, I would only have to look it up and copy someone else's code in order to achieve it. Previously, I thought that my career path involved becoming a 
master of Python, then when I was done with that, becoming a master of R and SQL and C++ and whatever other language. I realize now that instead it could be very useful to just 
become familiar with different languages, so that I know how to read them, and then assemble prewritten code online to achieve my goals. Of course, knowing languages would still 
be very useful, and I still plan on getting better at Python. I also wish to get better at reading and writing HTML, as it is the foundation of many websites and is very useful 
to know, especially for data scraping.

Overall, I am quite pleased with how my Cloud Resume turned out. I was skeptical that I could create something worth showing employers when I first started the project, and even 
after the site was set up I did not think it was impressive. Once I added the HTML code and personalized the site, I realized that I had created something to be proud of and am 
excited for employers to see the site. Though we did not get to it in class, I plan on learning how to set up GitHub actions so that updating the code in GitHub automatically 
pushes it to my S3 bucket. 

Last words:
If you are Professor Lontok, thank you for the semester, and please give me an A!
If you are a potential employer, please give me a job!

Thank you for viewing my Cloud Resume, and thank you for reading my blog post. Bye!
